Switch to EMCC_READ_METADATA=python by default. NFC (#17337)
emscripten-core/emscripten: ChangeLog.md

3.1.15
------
- Post-link metadata extraction switched from wasm-emscripten-finalize
  (binaryen) to python code within emscripten.  This change should have no

>   observable effect, but can temporarily be revert by setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  observable effect (aside from faster linking in some cases), but can temporarily be reverted by setting
```

>   `EMCC_READ_METADATA=binaryen` in the environment. ()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `EMCC_READ_METADATA=binaryen` in the environment. (#17337)
```
